Document the first part of the features. (#1250)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/aggregates/delegate-aggregate-descriptor.md

To set up the `DelegateAggregateDescriptor`, use the following properties:

* `ValueLookup`&mdash;Defines an `IKeyLookup` instance, which retrieves the value from the underlying `ViewModel` that is used for computing the aggregated value.

* `Function`&mdash;Defines an `IAggregateFunction` instance that performs the aggregation of the values as specified by the `ValueLookup` property.

* `Format`&mdash;Defines the string format that will be applied over the aggregated value.

The `IAggregateFunction` interface exposes the following methods:

* `GetValue()`&mdash;Gets the computed value.

> * `Accumulate(object value)`&mdash;Applies the function logic to the provided value. Extracted value from the `ViewModel`.

Reviewer: The second sentence is incomplete and hence unclear. Do you mean that the provided value is extracted from the ViewModel?

> * `Merge(IAggregateFunction aggregateFunction)`&mdash;Merges this function with another one. Uses when Grand Totals are calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Merge(IAggregateFunction aggregateFunction)`&mdash;Merges this function with another one. Used when calculating Grand Totals.
```
